{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22400\viewh12660\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - Labels come from 2 different PSG systems: Remlogic and Somnomedics. The files are in slightly different formats (English or German, with the date in front or not). So Task 0 is to generate the labels with a similar format of date, time, and labels in 30 seconds in English. \
\
- EMFIT_001505 is the piezoelectric mat and contains two files. One file with the sleep stages and time stamp at each change. A suggestion would be with a fillin() function to generate the sleep stages every 30 seconds. The second file contains activity and heart rate. Fifteen data points per minute.\
\
- Somnofy is the radar. It contains one file with sleep stages, movement, and heart rate every 30 seconds. For most of the participants, the heart rate is not available, and it is set to 0.\
\
- Empatica is the wristband. It contains two files, one with data from the accelerometer, x,y, and z; you can extract the resultant and use it as a unique value of "activity". The second file contains the heart rate. For this device, there is no sleep stages information. For a few patients, the data from this device are missing.\
\
- First, check that the data of the different devices are aligned on time. If the daytime is completely different, please report it to the mentor. The ground truth labels from the PSG may start some minutes before and ends some minutes later. You can cut these parts off. Pay attention; it could be a misalignment of 1h for the data recorded during summer time and winter time. \
\
- A suggestion is to bring the activity, heart rate, and sleep stages for the different devices at the same sample frequency for the devices, respectively.\
\
- The first Task is to combine the sleep stages from the mat and the radar in a sensor fusion to generate sleep stages with higher performance than the single sensor.\
\
- The second task is to add the features of activity and heart rate from the three different devices: mat, radar, and wristband. This model should be able to handle the possibility that, for some patients, some channels are missing. For example, for some patients, the wristband data and the radar's heart rate data are missing.\
\
Mask sleep stages:\
\
0 = Awake = SLEEP-S0\
1 = REM   = SLEEP-REM\
2 = Light = SLEEP-S1 and  SLEEP-S2 \
3 = Deep  = SLEEP-S3"""}